all right so me and crazy bougie here
I'm putting an amplifier inside of his
freaking uplander and so far we've made
this really nice panel back here to kind
of mount the amplifier behind the wheel
well cover and does kind of we got so
far to run the 1 amp there Andrews not
too sure we're gonna on the other amp
yet but he was thinking somewhere up
along this line somewhere around here
yeah somewhere around there and then
we'll take his power cell that he's got
over here this kind of helps you know
not draw so much power away from the
factory system as some of you guys might
know it's kinetic power saw and I think
he was thinking about put it right about
here yeah pretty sure somewhere around
there and then the the 4 channel will go
here alright and then we'll put the mono
block somewhere up above it right right
around there that area there and gives
it enough room for everything so that's
what kind of programs we got so far got
the thing ripped apart and we got our
buddy here running some RCA cables we
got our 4 gauge going up to our Power
Cell yes we probably could have done
zero gauge but again small runs from the
power cell back there to the two amps so
in the future he can upgrade that he's
got the the 419 d DX 419 in the - but
isn't there yet somewhere over there and
yeah we'll catch back up with you Chris
boogie what you doing buddy I'm gonna
run some set of four channel rca's and I
set a two channel RCA's down through
here and some seven wire down through
here some nine conductor and nine
conductor I apologize right on good
stuff
you got the d/dx 419 where did you put
it there it is that's in there DVD
non navigation but it's got the dash kit
everything else bluetooth for whole nine
yards it's got the negative power
disconnected that's really important
boys and girls know zappity zaps no one
loses any fingers holy buddy look
at you and all your getting a kick and
we're just going to jam that in there
may not make it look nice at all right
now it's gonna be really ugly looking
anything we're just going to put it in
the car like this
and then it'll work yeah real all right
so I got the amplifier rack I guess you
could say mounted there at the three
screws into the fender well just drilled
these two holes here so these studs
could stick up on through and it's kind
of a really nice sturdy mount for the
amplifier the apps obviously get mounted
next and the boys up front are still
working on the RCA's Gator down all
right so I got the amplifier mounted
here just got to do a little trimming
because Andrew just informed me that
this here is the line not this one here
so this edge of the amplifier here it is
with that the amplifier with just a
piece of woods gotta get trimmed out or
just ground out a little bit for it to
fit in there but nice and sturdy got the
factory wiring loom all here screw it
into the board as well and as you can
see that ain't going anywhere so and
they're continuing on with the rca's
which are almost back here so we're
almost golden alright so crazy boogies
got his wires right here very nice see
this wall let's up that carpet for me a
little bit there that little edge in the
factory channels very beautiful awesome
job very very nice what'd you think
about that Andrew I get happy installer
awesome not more wires to put in there
the window room yeah I got a nine
conductor here i remote sub control I
got the four channel mounted there and
now we're working on the sub amp here
which is just a piece of MDF and then we
got some foam behind it to keep it from
flexing and we're going to mount the
kicker amplifier for the sub just like
that yes sir
no the camera's not upside down the amps
are mounted upside down just because
we're the RCA ends are ones they're here
there's either here or and all our
connections are going to go into there
and it's going to look really pretty and
nice and zoomy all nice and tip tight
and looking beautiful amp rack not quite
straight and that's because there's a
seat belt retractor right here and it
kind of goes right here once it's all in
this will look straight to space because
of the geometry and you know anyway
and rows up there's galvez cables ran
and start time to start wiring this
biatch all right so I got the RCA's all
hooked up here and nicely ran down now
we're gonna be working on the nine
conductor which is right here the end of
its going to go inside the end of the
amp
over here and then we're going to start
wiring up over our upper power sorry to
our kinetic power cell andrew is still
working on the - all right so we got all
the epiphyte speakers ran which are
going into the amplifier right there got
my remote turn on on this side going in
and I got kind of coming up there and
wrap it up there and we'll go inside
this part of the amp there got my
battery here like I said they're gonna
be really short runs to the amplifiers
there as you can see and we're gonna
ground it right there using the factory
ground should be nice and solid and
we'll see how she goes andrew is still
working on the back still like yeah
we've been five minutes and you had that
thing at last
haha oh look it's almost like he knows
what the he's doing kinda Oh almost
oh good job buddy we're working on power
oh yeah anyway serial power get in there
get there ha ha sup buddy alright
alright we're getting really close here
guys get the battery all wired up just
got finalized the ground Andrews putting
on the rest of the panel's there then
we're going to vacuum it out back here
really nice before we put this big
gigantic and aback on before we even do
that we're going to make sure it all
works and test it all out place it up
and set it up exactly
alright cool boys check with you soon
alright boy is the moment of truth
moment of truth Dec turn on amplifiers
or go and go green lights mean good good
good sketch daph
alright buddy okay guys so we got
everything mounted wired up here we're
ready with the big panel here and Jews
very happy to get it all done finally
install a mic it's freaking late as hell
anyways so here we go panels gonna go
back on nice tight fit finish here gonna
pull this back a little bit for ya get
in there
there you go just a clipper in that
clipper in the right place is back here
everything's looking all kosher and
beautiful out this one get sucked up
after that one's already been
reconnected yeah it goes up there yeah
I'll twist in this pretty
sweet-looking
it's gonna be awesome fits in there very
nicely then you can get all tall your
amplifier settings everything right
there he's really not a shot yeah damn
right
sounds pretty and you get the hurts
hurts GG series back here
very nice all right let's gear down
we'll show you the final product that
well ready to get her back just like was
across uh snap crackle pop yeah alright
I just want to snap and man knees in to
lose you all in there well beautifully
hidden final panel is on there a little
access point here if you want to do some
small minor wiring everything is all
nice and tucked in there beautifully
panel back on now with some nerd comes
in here and starts ask enough where's
your buddy what is and you're gonna say
oh haven't you man it's just a factory
jack yeah all right so it's all dead
subs your back it'd all the panels are
back in it is very happy we're all very
weird it real outs inside of here it
looks very very nice everything's all
done fantastic bainite install done
congratulations Andrew you're not poor
channeled thanks